---
layout: '../../layouts/BlogPost.astro'
title: 'Now I know why learning by doing something is the best'
description: 'Like, seriously - that's true!'
publishDate: '17 Aug 2022'
---

For me personally, having the **interest (again) towards software engineering/development** in general - it really comes from _my natural curiosity and passion of technology in general_.

And well, when you see someone like **Elon Musk** - saying something along this line: > Everything is free, you can have a job without a college degree.

It's definitely true, to a certain extent. Look at YouTube, I am definitely sure that you can find **thousands of hours long videos teaching you about anything possibly related to programming**, from **web to mobile**, or even theories stuff for computer science (that I am too lazy to learn again, LOL) such as **algorithms and data structures**. As the world is going towards the _revolution of digital era_, when you see kids so small using _smart devices you can only dream of having back in like 10 years ago_ - I have to say that the impact IT has been making, and continue making is just **absolutely immense**.

But hang on, it won't be that **easy** if you can binge-watch tutorials on YouTube - just like you watch through _your favorite TV drama series or anime shows_ - I am fairly sure that you won't remember a damn thing in a cool programming tutorial (because you see job listings of developers **earning big bucks**) after a night sleeping (probably the excitement should still be there I'd say).

As of right now, doing web development, working with HTML and CSS, and then JavaScript frameworks - _sounds easy on paper, yeah_. However I still run into situations that simply **include the right HTML tags or the precise CSS styles** will be enough for whatever the web components you are trying to make. Instead, you have to **cleverly learn how to combine everything into something sensible** - otherwise when you look at what you just coded, it will be a bit of _a mess_. I've seen some of the works by others before, and yeah - both productions and following tutorials alike.

I recently found out this website, which is called [frontendmentor.io](https://www.frontendmentor.io/) - as it's a **perfect place to practice your front-end development skills, showcasing your work, and help others to complete their own challenges**. Some of the comments I received were really **mind-blowing**, which is something I never expected before.

Feel free to look at my own profile [here](https://www.frontendmentor.io/profile/NationsAnarchy). I will try to practice even more with some challenges featured on the website.

That's it for me - for now. Have a nice day, whoever you are - and thank you for reading!

Phúc (Scott).
